README.md, before:

# backend.ai-krunner-static-gnu
Backend.AI Kernel Runner Package for glibc-based Kernels

## How to read below

* `{distro}` is a string like `static-gnu`, `static-musl`, etc. depending on which repository you are in.
* `{distro_}` is a string same to `{distro}` but with hyphens replaced with underscores for Python
  package names and paths. (e.g., `static_gnu`, `static_musl`)

## Development

```console
$ git clone https://github.com/lablup/backend.ai-krunner-{distro} krunner-{distro}
$ cd krunner-{distro}
$ pyenv virtualenv 3.8.6 venv-krunner  # you may share the same venv with other krunner projects
$ pyenv local venv-krunner
$ pip install -U pip setuptools
$ pip install -U click -e .
```

## How to update

1. Modify Dockerfile and/or other contents.
  - To update the Python version, update `src/ai/backend/krunner/{distro_}/krunner-python.{distro}.txt`
    and the dockerfiles accordingly, including the `PYTHON_VERSION` environment variable and the download
    URL of the statically built Python distribution.
2. Increment *the volume version number* specified as a label `ai.backend.krunner.version`
   in `src/ai/backend/krunner/{distro_}/krunner-env.{distro}.dockerfile`
3. Run `scripts/build.py`.
4. Repeat the above steps for each distro version. (For static builds, there is only one.)
5. Increment *the package version number* in `src/ai/backend/krunner/{distro_}/__init__.py`
6. `rm -r dist/* build/*` (skip if these directories do not exist and or are empty)
7. `python setup.py sdist bdist_wheel`
8. `twine upload dist/*`

Note that `src/ai/backend/krunner/{distro_}/krunner-version.{distro}.txt` files are
overwritten by the build script from the label.

Commit message:

feat: Add aarch64 support (#2)
* Use "docker buildx build" for cross builds and QEMU-based
  cross build support in GitHub Actions.
* Run "python -m ensurepip" as the static Python build for aarch64
  does not have pip installed by default (it's an upstream bug).
* Bump the krunner binary version to 8.
* The produced wheel file is marked as compatible with manylinux 2014,
  musl 1.1, and macOS 11.0, to allow installation on those platforms.
  The actual prebuilt binaries are all executed inside Linux containers,
  so we don't have to split the package per OS but per host architceture.

README.md, after:

# backend.ai-krunner-static-gnu
Backend.AI Kernel Runner Package for glibc-based Kernels

## Notice about source distribution

This package is to distribute prebuilt binaries, so the source distribution does not have prebuilt
binaries and does not work as intended.  Just refer this repository on how we build stuffs.

## How to read below

* `{distro}` is a string like `static-gnu`, `static-musl`, etc. depending on which repository you are in.
* `{distro_}` is a string same to `{distro}` but with hyphens replaced with underscores for Python
  package names and paths. (e.g., `static_gnu`, `static_musl`)

## Development

```console
$ git clone https://github.com/lablup/backend.ai-krunner-{distro} krunner-{distro}
$ cd krunner-{distro}
$ pyenv virtualenv 3.9.6 venv-krunner  # you may share the same venv with other krunner projects
$ pyenv local venv-krunner
$ pip install -U pip setuptools
$ pip install -U click -e .
```

## How to update

1. Modify Dockerfile and/or other contents.
  - To update the Python version, update `src/ai/backend/krunner/{distro_}/krunner-python.{distro}.txt`
    and the dockerfiles accordingly, including the `PYTHON_VERSION` environment variable and the download
    URL of the statically built Python distribution.
2. Increment *the volume version number* specified as a label `ai.backend.krunner.version`
   in `src/ai/backend/krunner/{distro_}/krunner-env.{distro}.dockerfile`
3. Run `scripts/build.py`.
4. Repeat the above steps for each distro version. (For static builds, there is only one.)
5. Increment *the package version number* in `src/ai/backend/krunner/{distro_}/__init__.py`
6. `rm -r dist/* build/*` (skip if these directories do not exist and or are empty)
7. `python setup.py sdist bdist_wheel`
8. `twine upload dist/*`

Note that `src/ai/backend/krunner/{distro_}/krunner-version.{distro}.txt` files are
overwritten by the build script from the label.
